But his paper is rubbish
Yan'er, why are you here?
I think today's occasion
We just need to learn from medical experience
Stop questioning the master's words
Dear, there you are.
I'll go see Mr. Liu later
Do you want to go with me?
Of course I'll be with you
What do you know?
And Master David's papers are rubbish.
I should know a little better than you
His treatment method can only stop the bleeding externally.
It's only going to get worse.
Hemiplegia may occur after half a year
Or a language barrier
Left Yin
What are you doing here?
Was Zuo Yin 7 years ago?
The Zuo Yin who was kicked out of the house
This is a master doctor after all
He actually said it was trash
Saying this kind of thing specifically to attract attention
Look at Zuo Ying's poor appearance
I can't even wear a tuxedo
Why do you have the face to stay here?
The style on you should be from a few years ago, right?
This is a high-end model.
Can you afford it? Why are you here?
Humph
A virgin who was expelled from her home
Come here.
I'm afraid there are no hidden ideas, right?
Oh, by the way, I heard that the big money you are dating
It's a 60-year-old baby
Hahaha, why are you here looking for new prey?
left tone
Get out if you know better
You deserve to be here
You are not afraid of getting old Liu's eyes dirty
Whether I'm worthy or not has nothing to do with your left-handed
You don't deserve it or not.
Which wild man's invitation is it rubbing against?
Come in
You'll be so blind
You still have the same mouth full of shit
Pardon me?
You're just spraying shit